EmperorGhost	At last, you freed me ! Thank you so much, now my spirit will be released and finally vanish within the forces of our universe !
G	But you're just a kid ?!
EmperorGhost	I was once, but I guess I'm not really one anymore, even though you only see the body I had when I died in there. This is all too far in the past for me...
N	So you're really the Young Emperor ?
EmperorGhost	I was, yes. I've been entrapped in this dungeon for so long, bound to be his "guardian". But I found a way to escape. I had to trigger a set of events so you'll come after me, setting traps & challenges on your way so you'd get stronger & stronger, and thus would be able to defeat the magic slaving me.
N	So you organized the mysterious escape of the prisoners and forced them to guard the path leading to you ?
EmperorGhost	My mind is getting blur. I'll be gone very soon now. Thanks again. I'm deeply sorry it means you'll die there, though.
B	What the heck ?!?
EmperorGhost	Yes, I was the last guardian of this dungeon, so now it's going to collapse on your heads. But do not worry, you are heroes of the Empire now, your souls will travel quickly to Heavens! You do believe in Heavens, right ?
N	Didn't you just say your spirit was going to vanish ? Shouldn't you go to Heavens as well ? Or Hell ?
EmperorGhost	Oh bummer, I guess I talked too much... Just remember your deaths will not have been in vain... We're all going to rest together... Now...
Title	The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians
Title	Story
DetailL	The Dungeon Guardian
Title	Dungeon Architecture
DetailL	The Dungeon Guardian
Title	Traps
DetailL	The Dungeon Guardian
Title	Puzzles
DetailL	The Dungeon Guardian
Title	Keeping all the lights on
DetailL	The Invisible Imp Horde
Title	Starring, in their own tragic roles
N	Guys, it has been an honor to serve with you. I'd have rather died in my bed in my very old years, but this is probably my 2nd preferred way to die.
B	Glad we made your day. See you on the other side, if there's any !
Title	Level Design
DetailL	The Dungeon Guardian
Title	Also starring, in their own petty roles
DetailL	Trolls
DetailL	Orcs
DetailL	Goblins
DetailL	Barbarians
DetailL	Skeletons
DetailL	Gnomes
DetailL	Ratkins
DetailL	Demons
DetailL	Spiders
DetailL	etc.
N	Did you hear that ?
B	The busting water ?
N	Yes, it's  great !
B	That maybe we're going to die drowning instead of being crushed to death ? Yeah, sounds great.
N	No, the water flows quickly lowered, it means there's a wall that collapsed and there was a natural cavity behind it, holding some water. If it's natural, then it's not a part of the dungeon, so it won't collapse, just run to it !
G	Really ? Where it is ? Can't see much without light !
B	I think it was this way, hurry up !
