Janitor	Hey, you're the new recruit, right ? I was waiting for you !
Janitor	Come on up, let's get you to your new job !
Janitor	Take a last look at the sunlight, you won't see it again for a long time.
Janitor	Hang on, this is a pretty long descent.
Janitor	I hope you're not afraid of heights...
Janitor	So you want to be a guardian in that jail down there, right ?
Janitor	I'm sorry to ask, but my eyes aren't what they used to be... What is your gender ?
.	I'm a male.
.	I'm a female.
Janitor	Oh, I see now, you don't have... I mean you have... Hum, yeah.
P	What do you mean exactly ?
Janitor	Sorry, I meant what is your name ?
.	{Intern.Name01}
.	{Intern.Name02}
.	{Intern.Name03}
.	{Intern.Name04}
.	{Intern.Name05}
.	#Input#
Janitor That's a beautiful name, it reminds me of the name of a pig I had once.
P	What ?!?
Janitor	Sorry, nothing, just rambling from an old man, don't listen to me.
Janitor	Don't stay quiet like this. Instead, tell me what is your race ?
rHuman	{>RaceHuman}
rDwarf	{>RaceDwarf}
rElf	{>RaceElf}
rDarkElf	{>RaceDarkElf}
rHalfling	{>RaceHalfling}
Janitor	Oh right, that explains why you're so... Hum...
P	"So" what ?
Janitor	I didn't say anything. Did you ? Anyway, what kind of guardian are you going to be in our jail ?
.	A guard, of course !
.	I like to cut things: I'm an executioner.
.	I'm here to ensure the well-being of everyone: I'm a healer.
.	My magic powers are faster than any running prisoner: I'm a mage.
Janitor	I thought so ! You really look like one.
P	You seem to have an awful lot of prejudices.
Title	Mana Games presents
Title
Title	The Fall of the Dungeon Guardians
Title
Title	Game Design, Level Design, Coding, Sound Design
Title
Title	3D Environments
Title
Title	Music & Ambience
Title
Title	2D Art & GUI
Warden	Oh, there you are, a fresh recruit at last !
Warden	I'm the warden of this prison. I wanted to personally welcome you here. I've heard of all your exploits.
Warden	Nah, I'm kidding, I have no idea who you are, I just heard the lift coming down. I'm sure you're a nobody like all the other guardians we have here.
Warden	Come on, follow me, I'll show you the guardian quarters, let you have a good night's sleep and first thing tomorrow I'll get you to your assignment.
Warden	Hey, lazy bum, get up !
Warden	Finally, you're awake. You just slept through a full scale riot !
Warden	All the prisoners escaped, all 15 of them.
Warden	Don't ask me how, I was busy trying to stop the fire that burned down my office.
Warden	Obviously something is very wrong here, so I have to evacuate the prison by the lift.
Warden	But I can't let the prisoners get away. They didn't take the lift, so they must have fled through the dungeon.
Warden	And you know what, when I see you, I see a leader, a real hero, so I'm promoting you to Chief of the Interception Squad.
Warden	How lucky are you ? It's only your 1st day and you get responsibilities.
Warden	Don't worry, I won't let you take back all the prisoners all by yourself.
Warden	You can pick 3 other fools... Oops, I meant heroes just like you, amongst our available guardians, to accompany you in your noble quest.
